# Roll call:
  * Cupid Chan
  * Alan Gates
  * Pradeep Roy
  * Nitin Lamba
  * Roman Shaposhnik

# Agenda:
 * Review pending AIs:
     * Pradeep to find out whether IBM is doing anything with BigBench
     * Paul to propose Benchmarking SIG
  * Hadoop 2.8 feedback
  * TSC Board request discussion
  * ODPi.next release planning
     * Hive 2
     * Kafka
     * Bigtop testsuite improvements
  * Board investment in Bigtop related activities
  * SIG reports
     * Security: slow, but steady progress. Need to escalate lack of volunteers for both content creation and content review. At least for content review we need to have more that IBM and HortonWorks volunteers. This is becoming a pressing concern.

# AIs:

* Roman to get the ODPi.next release planning going
* Roman to flag drop in SIG activity to ODPi board

# Notes:

Pradeep reported back that IBM is indeed working with a version of BigBench. Our
next step is to understand whether there's any interest in doing this work in
the open (perhaps as part of Bigtop projects we are likely to sponsor). On Hadoop 2.8
the unanimous feedback was that it is likely out of scope for 2017. We reviewed
the TSC commitment to provide stewardship for funds allocated by the board going
towards upstream projects. ODPi.next release is now focusing on Hive 2 and Kafka
integration plus Bigtop testsuite improvements. Roman is to follow up with ODPi.next
release planning. On the SIGs all 3 SIG Champions reported seeing a sudden drop in
activity and the TSC decided to escalate this to the board.
