# Roll call:
  * Cupid Chan
  * Alan Gates
  * Pradeed Roy
  * John Mertic
  * Roman Shaposhnik

# Agenda:
  * ODPi release progress
  * ODPi sponsored project submissions
  * SIG Champion reports

# AIs
  * Roman to restart ODPi release activities
  * Roman to check with IBM to see how much cycles they can devote to the next ODPi release
  * Roman to share the ODPi sponsored project submissions with Cupid and Pradeep
  * Alan to start managing the submission review process

# Notes:

There was not much ODPi release activity reported for the past month. We agreed to restart the weekly
bugscrub meetings and also re-share the JIRA filter that we're using for release planning. It wasn't
clear how much cycles would be left from IBM's side to work on the release (Roman got an AI to find out).
We are still planning to release sometime in the Oct/Nov timeframe.

We received 17 submissions and  shared it with TSC members. It was agreed that it would be OK to
share it with 2 of the SIG champions present on the call. In terms of review process Alan suggested
a process similar to what's used for reviewing Hadoop Summit submissions. Alan, Cupid and Pradeep
volunteered to do the first pass over the proposals and come up with an initial ranking to be shared
with the rest of the TSC. We expect this to happen within next two weeks (with Alan volunteering to
drive the process). We need to communicate back to the folks who submitted the proposals by end of Aug.

Cupid asked TSC to give BI and Datascience SIG output a final approval. We've agreed to run this process as a lazy consensus for the next two weeks and then run a formal vote.

Pradeep reported that Spark SIG was very low activity. It was decided that it would be up to SIG Champion (Pradeep) to come back with a proposal of the next steps for the SIG (shut it down, etc.).

Roman reported that Security and Data governance SIG was on vacation. We expect the activity to pick up in mid Aug.