# Roll call:
  * John Mertic
  * Cupid Chan
  * Alan Gates
  * Ganesh Raju
  * Nitin Lamba
  * Paul Kent

# Agenda:
  * Status of Data Governance PMC
  * Status of Bigtop grants
  * Status of Runtime PMC
  * SIG Status

# AIs

* Cupid to review https://www.edx.org/course/introduction-apache-hadoop-linuxfoundationx-lfs103x and John to setup meeting with Clyde at LF training.

# Notes:

Alan mentioned the Data Governance PMC has had a few meetings and elected Mandy Chessel as the chairperson. Group is focused on building board demo for November, as well as materials for recruiting members to the effort. Still needing help in identifying contributors to the PMC.

Alan mentioned work has progressed and both Kos and Evans are excited to work on the grant projects.

John mentioned there is some member interest in continuing the Runtime PMC with more alignment with the Apache BigTop project. There are early plans of a meeting during Strata Singapore. Several members of the TSC asked to be kept up to date on the progress of that discussion.

Data Science SIG whitepaper was shared with the group, Cupid is planning to recruit more people to the SIG and look at BI tools as the next focus. There was discussion around training opportunities around the existing SIG report which John and Cupid will follow up on with LF Training.

Ganesh said he plans to propose a Benchmarking SIG soon.