# Roll Call
 * Raj Desai
 * Paul Kent
 * Ganesh Raju
 * Alan Gates
 * Roman Shaposhnik

# AIs
 * [Raj] Talk to Linda about additional HCFS work that IBM could commit for ODPi 2.1 release
 * [Paul] Send out YARN improvement ideas that we can consider for ODPi 2.1 release
 * [Roman] Close a loop with Hadoop 3.0 and ODPi

# Discussion

With RT not getting re-elected TSC has become THE technical governance
body for the ODPi. We're all good to go with ODPi 2.1 release. Its scope
is available on the ODPi JIRA and we will be starting weekly bug scrub
meetings in Feb to monitor our progress towards it. Both Runtime and Operations
PMC are on-board for the ODPi 2.1 release. In addition to PMCs getting the
release out, this time we will also have SIGs producing their reports in conjunction
with the ODPi 2.1 release. Currently we have 2 SIGs fully committed:
  * Data Security and Data Governance
  * BI and Data Science
and we also hope to see Spark SIG soon. SIG Champions will be meeting either
today or tomorrow to talk about getting the actual SIG work started. From
that point on -- SIGs will run pretty close to how ODPi PMCs run.

An issue of HCFS interest fizzling was brought up and Alan commented that from
their perspective it is still very interesting to work on blob stores and
validation. Raj offered to reach out to Linda to see what IBM can contribute to
the effort. Paul mentioned that SAS is also seeing different storage offerings
(like Isilon) being used as data lakes and as such it would be useful to invest 
in standardization.

Paul then talked about YARN feedback and got a recommendation to start a thread
on odpi-technical to see what of that feedback can be committed to the runtime
PMC's plate for ODPi 2.1.

Finally we talked about Hadoop 3.0 and agreed that the most useful outcome would
be to connect ISV folks with folks actually working on 3.0 (like those at Hortonworks)
and allow them to exchange feedback. Roman got an AI to close that loop on
odpi-technical.