# Roll call:

## Attending
  * John Mertic
  * Alan Gates
  * Paul Kent
  * Raj Desai

## Regrets
  * Cupid Chan
  * Ganesh Raju
  * Nitin Lamba

# Agenda:
  * Status of Data Governance PMC
  * Status of Bigtop grants
  * Status of Runtime PMC
  * SIG Status

# AIs



# Notes:

Data Governance PMC has been working on the content of the GDPR pack, working on board deliverable for meeting week of Nov 13. Check out this slack channel for details of the work -> https://odpi.slack.com/messages/C7E9FB0LT. The group is looking for developers to help engage, and Alan asked each member to look within their orgs and circles for people interested. Raj indicated he might be able to help.

No updates on BigTop grants, other than ODPi is promoting the grantees -> https://www.odpi.org/blog/2017/10/17/checking-in-apache-bigtop-test-drive-grant-recipients-work-in-full-swing. Proposed meeting of BigTop PMC in Singapore not happening.

Alan shared Cupid's update via the mailing list -> https://lists.odpi.org/g/odpi-tsc/topic/tsc_meeting_this_thursday/6262116?p=,,,20,0,0,0::recentpostdate%2Fsticky,,,20,2,0,6262116

John mentioned TSC nominations are open, email him if interested in serving on the TSC by 11/8 11:59pm ET