# Roll call:

## Attending
* Alan Gates
* Cupid Chan
* Mandy Chessell
* Srikanth Venkat

## Regrets
* Raj D Desai
* Arun Nair
* Ganesh Raju

## Non-voting observers
* John Mertic
* Mike Schultz
* Susan Malaika

Quorum achieved.

# Agenda:

* Active Project updates
  * ODPi BI & AI
    * Approve publication
  * ODPi Runtime
  * ODPi Data Governance and ODPi Egeria
* BigTop grant update
* Discuss ODPi JIRA decommisioning

# AIs

- Mike/Mae/John to provide Cupid promotion plan for BI/AI whitepaper
- Cupid to add Mike/Mae to BI/AI whitepaper doc for editing.
- John to pursue decommisioning ODPi JIRA.

# Notes

Cupid provided an update on the publication, addressing the concern of non-member logos in the whitepaper. The actions next were to approach the non-members to consider membership so ODPi can use thier logos in the whitepaper, and for Cupid to share the whitepaper with Mike and Mae to have them provide editing.

Cupid asked if there could be some infrastructure created for code collaboration. Alan asked to take the discussion offline to discuss details and expected outputs.

Cupid asked Mandy for details of the asks for the Data Science APIs for Egeria project - Mandy indicated she would follow up over email with Cupid.

Alan also said he would work with Cupid to establish governance for ODPi BI & AI and track contributors.

Mandy indicated that the Egeria code is flowing in, current focus is building out governance program and the APIs and UI to support this. Microsoft BI POC integration is still in process. They are also exploring the structure of a compliance program around Egeria, getting insight from Steve Winslow from the LF and ING on thier expectations for the program. ODPi Egeria 0.1 tagged, and code is in Apache Atlas and part of the latest release of IBM IDG. Mandy is also building scenerios on data governance in enterprise and how that ties back into Egeria.

Alan indicated that Raj is no longer able to lead ODPi Runtime. Alan is going to check with the Board and then recommend if it should move the project to Emeritus stage.

John discussed the status for the BigTop grants, indicated that neither project has drawn down funds. Alan and Cupid recommendationed to continue to reach out to both grantees and then revisit at the next TSC meeting.

John discussed that there are no longer any projects using ODPi JIRA, and asked if it would be OK to decommission the JIRA instance. Alan indicated that provided the current JIRA issues can be archived somewhere he would be fine with this. Alan also said that any incoming projects should be encouraged to use GitHib issues instead of JIRA. All TSC members were in favor of this.

# Chat logs
