# Roll call:

## Attending
* Alan Gates
* Cupid Chan
* Srikanth Venkat
* Mandy Chessell
* Arun Nair
* Ganesh Raju

## Regrets
* Raj D Desai

## Non-voting observers
* Susan Malaika

Quorum achieved.

# Agenda:

* SIG and PMC updates
  * BI & AI SIG
  * Runtime PMC
  * Data Governance PMC
* Discussion of build/CI infrastructure
* Review and approve [TSC project lifecycles and governance](governance)
* Other business

# AIs

* All - Review and provide feedback via PR on docs at https://github.com/odpi/tsc/tree/master/governance

# Notes

Cupid indicated that the BI & AI project has Tableau looking to participate on the deliverable, so there is a slight delay in timing. Looking to have 5 vendors participating ( SAS, Tableau, Qlik, IBM, Microstrategy ). Will share with TSC in the next two weeks and then have the TSC approve at next meeting.

BI & AI project is looking to do it's next deliverable on how AI and Hadoop work together with BI. Will give updates once that confirmed.

No updates from the Runtime PMC.

Mandy said Data Governance is working on the virtual data connector from ING ( to be demoed at OSSNA ), as well as the getting the data privacy pack implimented. There is initial work being done on the compliance workbench as well. Collaborators from SAS and Microsoft are starting to emerge. John indicated that it would great to see this tool during the next Data Governance project meeting.

The group discussed the documents proposed at https://github.com/odpi/tsc/tree/master/governance, as well as the proposed grandfathering of existing PMCs and SIGs into the new structure outlined at https://github.com/odpi/tsc#odpi-projects. There was some feedback which John integrated into the documents. John asked all to review the documents and be ready to approve at the next TSC meeting.

# Chat logs
