# Roll call:

## Attending

* Cupid Chan
* Alan Gates
* Raj D Desai
* Arun Nair
* Ganesh Raju

## Regrets

* Mandy Chessell
* Srikanth Venkat

## Non-voting observers

* John Mertic
* Susan Malaika

Quorum achieved.

# Agenda:

* SIG and PMC updates
  * BI & Data Science SIG - vote on renaming to BI & AI SIG
  * Runtime PMC
  * Data Governance PMC
* Other business

# AIs

* Cupid to update the wiki to rename the "BI & Data Science SIG" to "BI & AI SIG"

# Notes

Cupid indicated they are rethinking the strategy on getting BI members engaged in the work, Cupid has worked with Qlik and Microstrategy, hoping others in the TSC can help get more vendors engaged ( especially vendors such as IBM and SAS ).

Cupid proposed a vote to rename the "BI & Data Science SIG" to "BI & AI SIG". Motion by Raj, second Ganesh. All in attendance voted unanimously in favor.

Raj indicated the Runtime PMC is moving forward on Hadoop 3, Linaro is committing resources to have Bigtop build Hadoop 3. Work in progressing on the v3 spec to include Hadoop 3.

Susan gave an update on the Data Governance PMC, indicating they held a webinar last week and are planning on the next webinar. They are working on a code update. John raised concerns on the community growth in this PMC stalling, and there was discussion on how to resolve. From that discussion, Alan indicated that he was going to engage with the group leaders in his role as TSC Chairperson to ensure the timeline is clearly defined and communicated broadly.

John mentioned he is working with Alan on updating the techincal community governance processes and policies to match what is currently being done. John invited others on the TSC to participate in the definition, and planned to have a candidate proposal for the next meetings

# Chat logs

09:10:33	 From Arunkumar Nair : Am i Audbile...I agree to Cupid...all in favoour
09:10:42	 From Arunkumar Nair : i think i am not audible..
09:10:58	 From Arunkumar Nair : I am yes
09:11:49	 From Cupid Chan : Arun, maybe itâ€™s your microphone setting
09:23:51	 From Arunkumar Nair : No comments on the Runtime project..But Just to add to Cupid's thoughts on AI - there is  Linux Open Source Acumos AI Project ...is there anything that can add to our existing projects to make it more exciting...
09:26:11	 From John Mertic : Great point Arun - I think it would be good to get a sense of the SIGs mission and focus and then see where there is engagement opportunities. Happy to broker.
