# Roll call:

## Attending

* John Mertic
* Alan Gates
* Cupid Chan
* Arun Nair

## Regrets

* Raj Desai
* Ganesh Raju
* Mandy Chessell
* Srikanth Venkat

Quorum NOT achieved.

# Agenda:

* BI & Data Science SIG updates
* Status of Runtime PMC
* Status of Data Governance PMC
* Status of Bigtop grants
* Other business

# AIs

* Cupid to provide working document for overview of what ODPi does techincally.

# Notes:

Cupid provided an update from yesterday's meeting ( https://github.com/odpi/sig-reports/wiki/ODPi-BI-&-Data-Science-SIG-2nd-Deliverable-Discussion-Minutes-2018-01-31 ). There was some discussion on the right people within BI vendors to engage for this group. Group members offered to get more new members engaged in the SIG.

Cupid suggested building some documentation to outline the technical work to be done by the community. All agreed to be SMEs for this effort.

Alan advocated to getting the Runtime PMC back going in light of Hadoop 3 and said he would reach out to Raj to get that effort started back up

Alan indicated that the code developed should primarily be contributed to Apache Atlas, and instead focus work on definitions and usage of the work in ODPi.

Additional notes from Arun:

John: Organised the meeting and gave supporting inputs
Alan: Spoke on Data Governance
Runtime testing. Did 3 versions, we need to get the right set of people involved, the applicaition vendors such as SAS.
Alan will reach out to Raj

Cupid:linux foundatin marketing team will help in Big Data - BI
- Recruiting the BI Vendor
- Get on board for few more Vendors
Cupid: When to send the BI Survey questions
Alan: Answered the question to why have ODPi from Cupid.
Cupid said we should create a Diagram about what ODPi is ?
John : Said use Github
Arunkumar: Will connect to Tibco and Tableau
Arunkumar: Pune Linux group http://www.plug.org.in/ is organising
http://gnunify.in/. I hope to introduce ODPi at the Gnunify.
John: Sent updated meeting invite
