# Roll call:

## Attending

* Alan Gates
* Ganesh Raju
* Arun Nair
* Raj D Desai
* Cupid Chan
* Srikanth Venkat

## Regrets

* Mandy Chessell

## Non-voting observers

* John Mertic
* Susan Malaika
* Clint Edwards

Quorum achieved.

# Agenda:

* Plan to get the Runtime PMC up and running again
* BI & Data Science SIG updates
* Status of Data Governance PMC
* Status of Bigtop grants
* Other business

# AIs

* Alan and Raj to kick off Runtime PMC meetings in the next few weeks, recruit people to the group ( SAS, SAP, AsiaInfo, China Mobile ).
* John and Ganesh to connect with Bigtop grantees on status

# Notes:

Alan picked up the conversation on relaunching the Runtime PMC to focus on making the testing less binary and more descriptive ( move from hard pass/fail to more of a detailed list of areas one isn't in compliance with ) as well as including Hadoop 3 ( likely will be shipping in production this year ). Alan presented to board earlier this month with generally good feedback.

Biggest question is how to get more people involved in the relaunching of the Runtime PMC. There was discussion on the type of persons to get engaged, suggestions on recruiting at Strata SJC and key members such as SAS. Generally getting app developers and Hadoop adminstrators engaged in this group are considered key.

Raj did get an Hadoop 2.6.3 cluster running to start work on the techincal work of changing how testing works.

Cupid reviewed the BI and Data Science updates sent via email list: https://lists.odpi.org/g/odpi-tsc/message/196. He indicated that the survey will be going out in the next week and asked for member support.

Alan shared that there are upcoming presentions for the Data Governance PMC ( Strata SJC, Dataworks Summit Berlin, IBM Think ) that the group is focusing on. Srikanth indicated that work on defining milestones for 2018 is the present focus. Meetings for the group are splitting between technical focus and SMEs. Will be presenting detailed updates to the board in May.

Alan indicated that each PMC will be presenting to the Board of Directors on status directly every 6 months during the quarterly Board of Directors meeting. Data Governance PMC is up first in May and then Runtime PMC in August.

John shared some concerns with the Bigtop grant investments because of the state of the project. There was both discussion on engaging the grantees on the status of thier grant projects, as well as what the TSC should do in the light of the state of the project. John agreed to reach out to the grantees with Ganesh's help, and Alan asked to have an agenda item to discuss what ODPi's involvement should be at the next TSC meeting.

Future meetings were decided to be on the first Wednesday of the month at the same time to avoid conflicts with the Data Governance PMC meetings.
