# Roll call:

## Attending

* John Mertic
* Alan Gates
* Cupid Chan
* Raj Desai
* Ganesh Raju
* Mandy Chessell

## Regrets

* Arun Nair
* Srikanth Venkat

Quorum achieved.

# Agenda:

* Chairperson election
* Status of Runtime PMC
* Status of Data Governance PMC
* Status of Bigtop grants
* SIG Status

# AIs

* Alan to provide Raj with HDP small cluster for test framework development.
* Alan to review https://github.com/apache/bigtop/pull/193
* Alan/Mandy to lead discussion on TSC email list for home of Data Governance PMC code.
* John to determine how to help the Data Science SIG with thier survey.

# Notes:

Alan was nominated as TSC Chairperson, with Cupid providing a motion to approve and Ganesh a second. Alan was re-elected as TSC Chairperson unamiously with the exception of Alan abstaining.

Alan presented https://jira.odpi.org/browse/ODPI-256 as an outline for changing the approach towards testing Hadoop compliance. Raj began looking into the work required, estimated having it completed within 2 months ( still waiting for this PR to be merged https://github.com/apache/bigtop/pull/193 ). Raj asked Alan for a small cluster for testing.

Mandy gave an update on the Data Governance PMC, indicated there are threads of building compliance testing and building content pack in flight. Mandy indicated that there has been discussion within the PMC on putting the code for https://jira.odpi.org/browse/ODPI-239 in upstream Apache Atlas. Alan indicated that discussion should continue over email with a vote in a week.

No updates on Bigtop grants.

Cupid indicated that the BI and Data Science SIG has proposed a publication for 2018, and recieved support for Qlik participating in the SIG. One approach being considered to help get more engagement is to run a survey with BI vendors to get thier input on the topic. Cupid asked for ODPi's help in adminstrating the survey and growing the community of BI vendors to engage.
