# Roll call:

## Attending
* Alan Gates
* Cupid Chan
* Maryna Strelchuk
* Mandy Chessell

## Regrets
* Ganesh Raju
* Arun Nair

## Non-voting observers
* Suresh Channamallu
* John Mertic
* Susan Malakia

Quorum achieved.

# Agenda:

* Chairperson election results
* Active Project updates
  * ODPi BI & AI
  * ODPi Data Governance and ODPi Egeria
* BigTop grant update
* Future projects updates
  * JanusGraph - John M
  * Palisade - Mandy
  * Benchmarking for big data - Ganesh
  * HPC Big Data related project - Ganesh

# AIs

* John to add all events confirmed and past to ODPi events page
* John to schedule a community marketing requirements call
* Susan to do intro to https://www.digitalanalyticsassociation.org

# Notes

John announced Mandy as the new chairperson

Cupid said he is working to get the BI leaders engaged ( Thoughtspot, Qlik, Tableau ) - would like to help get IBM and SAS involved but doesn't have good contacts there. Goal is to have 5 vendors collaborating, aim to have first draft done by end of May and ready for TSC to review in late Q3. Primary focus is still the whitepaper, but also trying to get a group together around an API. There was discussion on the use of the GitHub repo and mailing lists for collaboration, Cupid indicated that it was done via email but not done on the mailing list. Mandy suggested the team leverage the public mailing lists and GitHub for collaboration to improve visability and enable organic collaboration.

Mandy said with there is focus on the JanusGraph connector, along with hardening the tool, and data semantics. Also the IGC connector has been pulled into a seperate repo and made conformant with Egeria. Maryna also provided an update on other topics such as data lineage.

John asked all projects to provide an update blog post in the next two weeks.

Susan said she would start making 1-1 intros to JanusGraph TSC members

Mandy said GCHQ is pursing ODPi membership and bringing Palisades to ODPi. There was a planning session last week and hackathon in 2 weeks for showing how Egeria and Palisades can work together. There are some internal concerns at GCHQ around bringing Palisades into ODPi - John offered to help have a conversation with them.

Susan mentioned CDLA as a project for ODPi ( https://cdla.io/ ) - TSC in general thought this would be a good project. Susan said she would explore with Jeff Borak and come back with next steps.

# Chat logs
