# Roll call:

## Attending
* Alan Gates
* Arun Nair
* Mandy Chessell
* Maryna Strelchuk

## Regrets
* Cupid Chan
* Ganesh Raju
* Raj D Desai

## Non-voting observers
* Susan Malaika
* John Mertic
* William Brooks

Quorum achieved.

# Agenda:

* Welcome new member!
* Active Project updates
  * ODPi BI & AI
  * ODPi Runtime
  * ODPi Data Governance and ODPi Egeria
* BigTop grant update
* Future projects updates (AIs from last meeting)
  * Ganesh to prepare project proposal for benchmarking for big data.
  * Susan to do intro to Cupid for HyperLedger
  * Susan to get JanusGraph engaged in the coming months
  * Susan to provide Acumos intro to Arun and Cupid, potentially present to TSC in 2019
  * Ganesh to start discussion over email on HPC Big Data related project

# AIs

* TSC to review and provide feedback on "Why host your project at ODPi?" at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w4JgFCD8ggqIhrIB9-mySy5XZ10NQwzVwOCwnQgpy6U/edit?usp=sharing

# Notes

Alan welcomed Maryna to the TSC.

Mandy indicated that she sent out an email at the end of 2018 recapping the work in Egeria. She indicated that both IBM and SAS plan to demonstrate usage of Egeria in thier products at IBM Think. Focus right now is demonstration of BI integeration. Weekly calls will start focusing on what user groups would need from Egeria to make it useful for them. Focus for 2019 is to increase the number of people using Egeria by making it more useful for them. BIZZDesign is also interested in joining ODPi as part of Egeria to have thier products support Egeria.

Cupid provided his update via email at https://lists.odpi.org/g/odpi-tsc/message/303

No updates from ODPi Runtime.

John indicated that Evans is slightly behind on his grant work, but plans to complete over the next month or so.

Susan reported that calls with Acumos have started, and is working to arrange a call with the JanusGraph community. Alan mentioned that there has been some interest from Apache Superset in being hosted at ODPi.

John shared a document for collaborating on why a project should join ODPi, asking for input from the TSC.

Mandy talked about the Palisades project and GCHQ's interest in ODPi and ODPi Egeria ( https://github.com/gchq/Palisade ). There is interest in the senior level of joining.

Arun indicated he would continue the discussions with Accumos on ODPi Egeria joint work.

# Chat logs
