# Roll call:

## Attending
* Alan Gates
* Mandy Chessell
* Maryna Strelchuk
* Cupid Chan

## Regrets
* Arun Nair
* Ganesh Raju
* Raj D Desai

## Non-voting observers

* John Mertic

Quorum achieved.

# Agenda:

* Active Project updates
  * ODPi BI & AI
  * ODPi Runtime
  * ODPi Data Governance and ODPi Egeria
* Vote to move ODPi Runtime to emeritus
* BigTop grant update
* Feedback on [Why host your project at ODPi?](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w4JgFCD8ggqIhrIB9-mySy5XZ10NQwzVwOCwnQgpy6U/edit?usp=sharing)
* Future projects updates (AIs from last meeting)
  * Ganesh to prepare project proposal for benchmarking for big data.
  * JanusGraph - Susan
  * Ganesh to start discussion over email on HPC Big Data related project
  * Superset - Alan
  * Palisade - Mandy

# AIs
* John and Alan to go over comments in "Why host your project at ODPi?" and finalize the document.
* Alan to start email vote on moving the ODPi Runtime project to emeritus.

# Notes
### BI & AI Project
Cupid reported that the BI & AI project has commitment from participants in previous white papers to work on a
white paper with the topic of how to make BI and AI work seamlessly together.   He has also sent an email to Acumos to explore whether their system could function as a framework for doing this integration, or whether they know of systems that could.

### Egeria Project
Mandy reported that Egeria did presentations and demos at IBM's Think conference last month with a number of IBM customers responding positively.  

Egeria is focusing on security management via Apache Ranger.  It is also working on moving conformance testing into the server so that it can validate events.  And the Kubernetes deployment is being expanded.

IBM is preparing to deploy Egeria in production this summer with its AIG product, and thus is working on hardening the system in preparation for that.

### Moving Runtime Project to Emeritus
This was discussed and no concerns were raised.  It requires a 2/3 vote of the TSC and only four members were present so Alan will initiate a vote via email.

### BigTop Grant Update
John reported that the BigTop work is consistently making progress, though it continues to move at a pace slower than that promised in the latest schedule.

### Feedback on "Why host your project at ODPi?"
Mandy and Cupid have both left comments in the document.  Alan and John will go over the comments and publish a final version within the next couple of weeks.

### Reports on Action Items from February Meeting
John has a call scheduled with the JanusGraph community on March 27th.

Mandy is meeting with the Palisades community on March 21st.

Alan reported that Apache Superset decided to stay in Apache at this time and is not pursing joining other foundations.

# Chat logs
06:23:49	 From John Mertic : https://github.com/odpi/tsc/blob/master/process/project_stages.md
06:27:00	 From Alan Gates : Link to "Why host your project at ODPi?" https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w4JgFCD8ggqIhrIB9-mySy5XZ10NQwzVwOCwnQgpy6U/edit?usp=sharing
